[DOCS] Adds link to Discover blog (#96513)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

. Go to `discover:searchFieldsFromSource`, then select *On*.
====

[discrete]
[[breaking-kibana-discover-fields]]
.*Discover* now uses the fields API
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
In 7.12.0, *Discover* uses the {ref}/search-fields.html#search-fields-param[fields API] by default.
Reading from `_source` is still supported through a switch in *Advanced Settings*.

> This change stems from updates made to {es} in 7.11 with the extension of
> the search API to include the new {ref}/search-fields.html#search-fields-param[fields] parameter.

Reviewer: This sentence seems to be repeating information, maybe we can delete it and add a one-sentence summary of the change:

```suggestion
With the fields API, Discover now shows all fields including runtime fields, multi-mapped fields like `.keyword`, and alias fields.
```

*Impact* +

> Refer to https://www.elastic.co/blog/discover-uses-fields-api-in-7-12[this blog]

Reviewer: Could rephrase the link:

```suggestion
Refer to https://www.elastic.co/blog/discover-uses-fields-api-in-7-12[the blog announcing the change to Discover]
```
